[Music]
is your target memorize your
responsibility to be able to identify
batches you let's just say you're going
to feel what happened to that kid on the
beach it changed him you can't tree Matt
into someone gun skills martial arts you
want to camera theory
he's non-compliant Alex was bizarre
makes you think you can make from a
selection process my guess is if you and
I go hand to hand you could probably
figure out inside of 20 seconds whether
or not I have what it takes to make it
through selection process so what do you
think it's ready Stan actually I mean
he's not ready hey Bo Peep
your back I'm here to cover my ass
what's the mission sir
eliminate target he drives over take
away from my orders
sorry strong Commission terminated the
authorize you to make contacts at the
initiative sir just a bit of direct
order
no I made a decision to pursue the
target and I completed the mission and
sure he's not what I'm here to do isn't
in my job if job to do rock don't you do
what was that guy in this symbol things
like here's a step ahead of us
everything you did there I talked about
it
four days ago 15 kilos of to Tony and
witnesses
weapons great 48 hours
[Music]
that guy he trained who the hell is he
has been Newton's acting
that's not discussion
you
[Music]
[Applause]
that day on the beach it changed you
revenge would you think you're going to
jump from cell-to-cell taking out
terrorists for starters yet our people
here like your agenda Mitch I know
exactly what to do with you so what I
want you to know my disguise he's a
warrior one of the best I've ever known
that you have new now you want to go
kill terrorists am i right out there
it's about the mission not about you
slice a man's throat right here like
this testing to the room and focus is
off the chart I've seen off the charts
before not like this
you think you're special never ever
let's get personal what is it you think
we do here tell people who need to be
killed we got a problem six days ago 15
kilo of the plutonium went missing
they were - this can't be him it's mi
REE it's ghost I just gotta have to you
some personal something everything he
did I talked about it there's a [ __ ]
milk in sight
you're 48 hours to stop
I trusted you you should have come for
me eliminate target yes sir where's
refugee where do you mean
you
[Music]
this whole thing is just a means to an
entry even now this is just the
beginning
[Music]